Pretty hard to beat.
But it's meant everything to me.
We worked hard.
Mother and I worked hard.
Let's make believe that somebody walked up to you and gave you a check for a million dollars today, and it had one condition on it.
You had to pass that on to Texas A&M, but you could decide what it would be used for.
If you could give a million dollars to A&M, what would you want it to do?
Well, I want to tell you, as crippled as Mother and I, you know we've given them over $100,000 to the Aggie Club, and that's for
for seats for the rest of our lives.
And anyway, last year when we tried to get up those baseball steps over there, I said if I ever won enough on that one lotto ticket, I was going to get them an escalator.
And that's one of the things that I would do.
What else would you do if you didn't have to worry about the source of the money?
What parts of A&M are dearest to your heart?
I guess the athletic businesses.
Because Bones and I, and Harry Statler and I, and I didn't get
very wonderful that he does.
But Shelby has meant a lot to me, and Archie Sloan has meant a lot to me.
In fact, I don't know of any school that I know
that have done more in the way of building up this program than R.C.
He's done a great job.
Now, I don't know about—Shelby did a good job, and I don't know what he's going to do now.
We've been good friends many, many, many years.
Let's quit with that then.